Support host mapping in TiSpark (#2436)
pingcap/tispark: docs/configuration.md

| `spark.tispark.jdbc.client_cert_password`       | ``               | The password of `spark.tispark.jdbc.client_cert_store`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                            |
| `spark.tispark.tikv.tls_reload_interval`        | `10s`            | The interval time of checking if there is any reloading certificates. The default is `10s` (10 seconds).                                                                                                                                                                                                                           |
| `spark.tispark.tikv.conn_recycle_time`          | `60s`            | The interval time of cleaning the expired connection with TiKV. Only take effect when enabling cert reloading. The default is `60s` (60 seconds).                                                                                                                                                                                  |

> | `spark.tispark.host_mapping`                    | ``               | This is route map used to configure public IP and intranet IP mapping. When the TiDB cluster is running on the intranet, you can map a set of intranet IPs to public IPs for a outside Spark cluster to access. The format is `{Intranet IP}:{Public IP};{Intranet IP}:{Public IP}`, e.g. `127.0.0.1:8.8.8.8;192.168.0.1:8.8.8.8`. |

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `spark.tispark.host_mapping`                    | ``               | This is route map used to configure public IP and intranet IP mapping. When the TiDB cluster is running on the intranet, you can map a set of intranet IPs to public IPs for an outside Spark cluster to access. The format is `{Intranet IP1}:{Public IP1};{Intranet IP2}:{Public IP2}`, e.g. `192.168.0.2:8.8.8.8;192.168.0.3:9.9.9.9`. |
```

| `spark.tispark.jdbc.client_cert_password`       | ``               | The password of `spark.tispark.jdbc.client_cert_store`.                                                                                                                                                                                                                                                               |
| `spark.tispark.tikv.tls_reload_interval`        | `10s`            | The interval time of checking if there is any reloading certificates. The default is `10s` (10 seconds).                                                                                                                                                                                                              |
| `spark.tispark.tikv.conn_recycle_time`          | `60s`            | The interval time of cleaning the expired connection with TiKV. Only take effect when enabling cert reloading. The default is `60s` (60 seconds).                                                                                                                                                                     |

> | `spark.tispark.tikv.host_mapping`               | ``               | This is route map used to configure public IP and intranet IP mapping.The format is `{Intranet IP}:{Public IP}`, e.g. `127.0.0.1:192.168.100.100`.                                                                                                                                                                    |

Reviewer: As for public ip, I recommend using ips like 8.8.8.8. And the example should also show that we use `;` as separator, otherwise, uses can't get it.

Author: @zhangyangyu Thanks for your review. I've changed it.
